Jason Phillips from auto appraise auto
appraise comm may 27th 2011 we're
looking at a 1955 Pontiac start chief
convertible car set up in original paint
schemes turquoise blue poly was the
color in 1955 with ivory mist or white
mist on top the reflective quality is
really nice in the paint you can kind of
see the reflections of the objects
behind me back there don't know what the
age of the repaint is but the paint
still looks pretty good actually looks
really nice there's only a couple spots
where there's a few chips down along the
where the deck lids making contact with
the rear filler panel a lot of the
chrome and trim was pulled off the car
and replated these taillight bezels and
these upper quarter piano moldings were
replated the bumpers were all done the
reverse light covers were done none of
those big fat chrome fender skirts those
things are awesome chrome is excellent
down low on the vehicle door handles
were done all the stainless and trim was
polished on the vehicle the only plating
that wasn't done on the vehicle was the
vent windows the frame edges of the
roll-up windows and then the quarter
windows have some stage 1 pitting and
patina there rest of the trim is really
really nice got period style steel
wheels with the correct Pontiac
silkscreen logos on the hubcaps very
nice clean body door jams are in really
good shape door corners are really nice
you can see where the skin wraps the
shell really clean visibly clean
interiors done in a correct black and
white this is correct for 1955 - has
done an high-gloss black all the chrome
on the dash is still really nice all
the trim was apparently taken apart
pulled and polished all the lenses are
super clean and the gauge faces are nice
and clear steering wheel was likely
restored that chrome steering centre was
redone it's in really nice shape car
sporting 59,000 original miles and based
on the where and the door pins the doors
closed really nicely there's really no
sag in these doors I'm lifting up on
them they closed great the trunk looks
just like the rest of the car this time
I've got the key in place was nicely
done the carpet I lift it up and it's
all the floors in really super nice
shape jack and spare are there backside
the deck lids in really good shape
original jacking instructions
convertible tops are really nice on the
outside the canvas is in great shape
inside the bows I don't know if you'll
see them or not but they're all taken
apart and repainted they're in really
nice shape the pads have all been
replaced the underbody of the vehicle
has survived very well you'll see the
original gussets off the frame bushings
are in very nice shape the floor pan
supports are all very nice these are all
under coated but you'll notice that
they're all very similar in shape and
size no real dysfunction seen with
regards to having them patched or decay
visible the inner rocker panel structure
here is all very good all the weep holes
are open down the rockers all present
the frame has the correct reinforcement
plate welded to the bottom of it stops
right there
that's common it's also common on the
Chevy's they added that reinforcement to
keep the car from flexing the floor pans
as you can see are really solid it's got
a stock rear end in it a little bit of a
drip a little bit of a
therefore nothing too major it's got
single aluminized exhaust running down
the other side probably difficult for
you to see in this video but it's in
good shape looks like it's been recently
changed chrome was all done up here the
bezels if I'm smart enough to get this
hood open I am and there we have a
Pontiac little v8 2 barrel Strato streak
I believe the star chief came with a
incredibly high-power 190 horse motor in
1955 I think there was actually a
version of this two barrel motor that
was a hundred and eighty horse as well
oil is nice and clean Mandy freezes
clean no issues belly side of the hoods
in good condition it's got the HOH code
in the VIN for the hydra-matic
transmission but it's a really
good-looking car there's a lot of unique
pieces of trim on this vehicle that are
really unique to the 55 and give it a
very pleasant desirable look there
weren't a ton of these cars made and
there's probably a whole bunch less left
down the road a nice rare desirable
great color combination 55 Pontiac start
chief convertible Jason Phillips from
auto appraise auto appraise calm let us
know if we can do an inspection for you
sometime